all right let's bring you some breaking
news coming into us here in Al jazer
getting word that eight Israeli soldiers
have been killed in RAF of course we
know that Israeli operations are ongoing
there let's uh go back to H hind if you
can hear me what are you hearing about
reports of eight Israeli soldiers having
been killed
well we knew earlier today that a eight
palestin eight Israeli soldiers were
ambushed by the Palestinian Fighters
earlier today in rafah and that area has
been intensively being bombed since the
morning Palestinians are saying that
since uh those eight Israeli soldiers
were killed there has been endless air
strikes all you hear is explosions and
all you see is smoke Uprising from uh
Rafa uh the Palestinian fighter have
been trying their best uh uh to to
defend themselves as they claim but also
the Israeli forces have been
intensifying their land sea and air uh
attacks on rafah but also this is not
the first uh incident where eight
Israeli soldiers were killed in the past
couple of weeks there was another uh
group of Israeli soldiers am ambushed in
uh Rafa
Sami all
right all right okay we have heard as
well from some of the Palestinian
factions can you talk us through what
they're saying about their
operations well pa Palestinian factions
are are stating that they will continue
to defend uh their land they're going to
also defend and retaliate to all uh the
massacres committing uh committed
against the Palestinians they're saying
that the Israeli forces have been
forcing Palestinians to displ they
destroyed all aspects of uh of of life
in in in Gaza uh infrastructure has been
completely destroyed uh uh houses
hospitals schools and there has been
targets of uh civilians across the Gaza
Strip so Palestinian factions uh claimed
announced that they will continue to
fight and retaliate against all of the
crimes committed against Palestinians by
the Israeli
soldiers all right we'll leave it there
thanks so much Hind